Магистратураға түсу үшін ағылшын тілінен тест тапсырғанда, үшінші бөлімі оқылымға арналады. Мәтінді оқу арқылы қалай түсінгеніңізді тест арқылы анықтайды. Үш мәтін және әр мәтінге қатысты 12 тест сұрағы қойылады. Біз ұсынған мәтін үлгісі 2008 жылы өткен тестте келген. Екі-үш рет оқып, мәтінге байланысты тест сұрақтарына жауап беріңіз. Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Оқылым #1Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Оқылым #2Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Оқылым #3  American weddings There are many different kinds of weddings in the United States, reflecting the different religious and ethnic backgrounds of the American people. Weddings may be large or small, religious or civil, formal or informal — it all depends on the wishes and personal situations of the man and woman who arc getting married. An overwhelming majority of today's couples, however, choose to marry in a traditional religious ceremony. The Wedding Ceremony. There are several customs Americans follow when a man and a woman have a traditional wedding. One of the oldest customs is for the bride to wear "something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue." When the bride enters the church or synagogue, everyone stands up. The processional music starts and the bride walks down the aisle, accompanied by her father. At the end of the aisle, she meets the groom and the officiant (priest, minister, or rabbi) who makes some introductory remarks on marriage. He asks if the couple marries freely, and they answer affirmatively. The bride and groom join hands and declare their vows. After they say their "I do's," the groom puts the wedding ring on his bride's finger and he kisses her. Then the officiant gives the couple his blessings — they are now officially married. The bride and groom come back down the aisle, followed by their attendants and families. This completes the ceremony. Outside the church or synagogue, the guests rush up to congratulate the couple and wish them well. The Wedding Reception. After the wedding ceremony, there is usually a reception at a hotel, restaurant, or private club. The wedding reception is a festive celebration that gives family and friends an opportunity to share the joy of the bride and groom. As with any other special occasion, there is food, drink, and music to make everyone relaxed and happy. Dancing. If there is dancing at the wedding party, the first dance is reserved for the bride and groom. After the bride dances with her new husband, the rest of the bridal party joins in and the guests may follow. Music during the formal dancing is soft and romantic. Once the main meal is completed and the cake is cut, the musicians can pick up the tempo. Cutting the Cake. One of the wedding’s most precious and memorable moments is the cutting of the wedding cake. The bride and groom together make the first cut, his hand over hers. She takes the first bite of cake and offers him the second. This act of sharing symbolizes their lifetime of sharing ahead. Tossing the Bouquet. At the end of the celebration, all the unmarried women gather for the tossing of the bouquet. Traditionally, the bride turns her back to the women and tosses the bouquet over her shoulder. Today she may face them. Supposedly, the one who catches it will be the next married. Taking Leave. After the bouquet is thrown, the bride and groom leave the reception to begin their honeymoon. The guests throw rice at the couple as they leave the party. They drive off in the groom's car, which is often decorated with streamers and flowers. Modem couples may or may not choose to follow the traditional customs mentioned above, but there is one thing they all have in common: they want their marriage to be successful and their wedding to be as lovely and memorable as they can make it. 1. Who cuts the cake and who takes the first bite?А) Priest В) Friends С) The coupleD) Guests Е) Parents  2. Where does the couple go?A) Swimming.B) Work.C) Playing games.D)  Walk.E) Honeymoon. 3. Wedding is...A) Boring and obligatory ceremony.B) Colorful and interesting ceremony.C) Dangerous and exciting ceremony.D) Monotonous ceremony.E) Just dancing. 4. Only ... can give the couple blessings to be officially married.A) The officiant.B) The father.C) The guests.D) The friends.E) The mother. 5. What do people do at a wedding reception?A) Greet each other.B) Cut the wedding cake.C) Sing songs.D) Share the joy of the bride and groom.E) Share the presents. 6. Who docs the bride dance with first?A) The father.B) The groom.C) The grandpa.D) The friend.E) The uncle. 7. Do most of today’s American couples marry in religious or civil ceremonies?A) Just ceremony.B) Just live together.C) Civil ceremony.D) Luxurious ceremony.E) Religious ceremony. 8. What do the guests throw at the bride and groom?A) Flowers.B) Leaves.C) Nothing.D) Rice.E) Coins. Дұрыс жауабы:  1 – В2 – Е3 – В 4 – А5 – D6 – B7 – E 8 – D Ағылшын тілінен магистратура емтиханына дайындықАғылшын тілінен магистратура емтиханы қалай өтедіМагистратура: ағылшын тілі. Ең маңызды мәліметтерМагистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Лексика-грамматикаМагистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #1Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #2Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #3Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #4Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #5Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #6Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #7Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #8 
