Магистратураға түсу үшін ағылшын тілінен тест тапсырғанда, үшінші бөлімі оқылымға арналады. Мәтінді оқу арқылы қалай түсінгеніңізді тест арқылы анықтайды. Үш мәтін және әр мәтінге қатысты 12 тест сұрағы қойылады. Біз ұсынған мәтін үлгісі 2008 жылы өткен тестте келген. Екі-үш рет оқып, мәтінге байланысты тест сұрақтарына жауап беріңіз. Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Оқылым #1Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Оқылым #2Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Оқылым #3Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Оқылым #4 Movies Movies are the most popular form of entertainment for millions of Americans. They go to the movies to escape their normal everyday existence and to experience a life more exciting than their own. They may choose to see a particular film because they like the actors or because they’ve heard the film has a good story. But the main reason people go to the movies is to escape. Sitting in a dark theater, watching the images on the screen, they enter another world that is very real to them. They become involved in the lives of the characters in the movie, and for two hours, they forget all about their own problems. They are in a dream world where things often appear to be more romantic and beautiful than in real life. The biggest "dream factories" arc in Hollywood, the capital of the film industry. Each year, Hollywood studios make hundreds of movies that are shown all over the world. People everywhere have seen the films of Charlie Chaplin, Humphrey Bogart, Marilyn Monroe and more recently, Clint Eastwood and Sylvester Stallone. American movies arc popular because they tell interesting stories and are well-made. They provide the public with heroes who do things the average person would like to do but often can’t. People have to cope with many problems and frustrations in real life, so they get a lift when they see the "good guys" win in the movies. Hollywood producers are usually not as successful as the heroes in their movies. It’s hard for them to predict what the movie-going public will want to see a year from now. In fact, seven times out of ten, producers are unsuccessful and their movies lose money. Since the average Hollywood movie costs $12 million to make, a picture that "bombs" at the box office can be a disaster for the producer. Making movies is obviously a very expensive and risky business. But it’s also an exciting and glamorous business, and there’s always the chance of producing a blockbuster like Star Wars. Hollywood produces many different kinds of films, including mysteries, comedies, musicals, love stories, and horror films. As different as these films may be, they generally have one thing in common – conflict. The main character, or protagonist, wants something very badly and will do anything to get it. The antagonist tries to stop the protagonist from achieving his goal. This opposition creates conflict, and conflict is the heart of drama. To give an example, let’s say the protagonist is a young man from the wrong side of the tracks who wants to marry the beautiful daughter of a rich banker. The father thinks the young man is unworthy of his daughter, and he forbids her to see him. The young man, who is very much in love, refuses to give up without a fight. The conflict between the young man and the girl's father is what makes the story interesting; it forces the main characters to take action, and through their actions we see them as they really are. In a good story, the protagonist changes – he is not the same at the end of the story as he was at the beginning. He learns something from his experiences that makes him a different, perhaps a better person. And we learn something from watching him. Good movies not only entertain us, they also help us understand a little more about life. 1. Why do people go to the movies?A) To escape everyday existence.B) To enter another world.C) To entertain themselves.D) To see a particular film.E) To sec actors. 2. Is making movies a risky business? Why?A) It’s hard to find good actors.B) It’s hard to predict what public will want to sec.C) It’s very exciting business.D) It’s easy to satisfy public wish.E) It’s hard to find much money. 3. Who is protagonist?A) Negative hero of a movie.B) Screen player.C) A producer.D) A politician.E) A bishop. 4. How much docs it cost to make an average Hollywood movie?A) It costs as mush as possible.B) It costs $22 billion to make a picture.C) It costs $12 million to make a picture.D) Everything depends on actors.E) It doesn’t cost $12 million to make a picture. 5. The movie “Star Wars’’ is ... A) Comedy.B) Musicals.C) Drama.D) Love story.E) Blockbuster. 1 – А2 – B3 – A 4 – C5 – E6 – A7 – C8 – C Ағылшын тілінен магистратура емтиханына дайындықАғылшын тілінен магистратура емтиханы қалай өтедіМагистратура: ағылшын тілі. Ең маңызды мәліметтерМагистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Лексика-грамматикаМагистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #1Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #2Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #3Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #4Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #5Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #6Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #7Магистратура: ағылшын тілінен тест сұрақтары. Тыңдалым #8 
