 Біріккен өңдеулер Қазақша Уикипедия форумына қош келдіңіз! Басқалар ·Сұрақтар ·Жаңалықтар ·Ұсыныстар ·Ережелер ·Техникалық ·Қателер туралы хабарлау‎ ·Әкімшілер форумы ·/Лента   Форумның қайсысы болсын беттерінде маған жауап жазу үшін қатынас мақсатында деп өзіңіздің e-mail, ICQ және басқа контактілеріңізді жарияламаңыз. Сіздің сұрағыңыз жауапсыз қалмайды, ал сіздің көрсеткен ақпараттарыңыз спамерлер үшін нысана болуы мүмкін.   Напишу здесь на русском языке, поскольку вижу в Казахстане лучше его понимают, чем английский. У меня возник вопрос: почему аглоязычний текст пишеться не как в оригинале, а своеобразным казахицированым способом.--KHMELNYTSKYIA (талқылауы) 19:13, 2018 ж. шілденің 10 (+06) Read this in another language • Subscription list for this multilingual newsletter Did you know? Did you know that you can use the visual editor on a mobile device? Tap on the pencil icon to start editing.  The page will probably open in the wikitext editor. You will see another pencil icon in the toolbar.  Tap on that pencil icon to the switch between visual editing and wikitext editing. Remember to publish your changes when you're done. Since the last newsletter, the Editing Team has wrapped up most of their work on the 2017 wikitext editor and the visual diff tool.  The team has begun investigating the needs of editors who use mobile devices.  Their work board is available in Phabricator.  Their current priorities are fixing bugs and improving mobile editing.    —Whatamidoing (WMF) (talk)  20:17, 2018 ж. қарашаның 2 (+06) Read this in another language • Subscription list for this multilingual newsletter Did you know? Did you know that you can use the visual editor on a mobile device? Every article has a pencil icon at the top.  Tap on the pencil icon  to start editing.   Edit Cards This is what the new Edit Cards for editing links in the mobile visual editor look like. You can try the prototype here: 📲 Try Edit Cards. Welcome back to the Editing newsletter. Since the last newsletter, the team has released two new features for the mobile visual editor and has started developing three more.  All of this work is part of the team's goal to make editing on mobile web simpler.   Before talking about the team's recent releases, we have a question for you:   Are you willing to try a new way to add and change links? If you are interested, we would value your input!  You can try this new link tool in the mobile visual editor on a separate wiki.  Follow these instructions and share your experience: 📲 Try Edit Cards. The mobile visual editor is a simpler editing tool, for smartphones and tablets using the mobile site.  The Editing team recently launched two new features to improve the mobile visual editor:  Section editing and the new loading overlay are now available to everyone using the mobile visual editor. This is a list of our most active projects. Watch these pages to learn about project updates and to share your input on new designs, prototypes and research findings. The VisualEditor on mobile is a good place to learn more about the projects we are working on. The team wants to talk with you about anything related to editing. If you have something to say or ask, please leave a message at Talk:VisualEditor on mobile. PPelberg (WMF) (talk) & Whatamidoing (WMF) (talk)   00:32, 2019 ж. шілденің 24 (+06) Read this in another language • Subscription list for this multilingual newsletter Inside this newsletter, the Editing team talks about their work on the mobile visual editor, on the new talk pages project, and at Wikimania 2019. What talk page interactions do you remember? Is it a story about how someone helped you to learn something new? Is it a story about how someone helped you get involved in a group? Something else?  Whatever your story is, we want to hear it!   Please tell us a story about how you used a talk page.  Please share a link to a memorable discussion, or describe it on the talk page for this project.  The team wants your examples.  These examples will help everyone develop a shared understanding of what this project should support and encourage. The Talk Pages Consultation was a global consultation to define better tools for wiki communication. From February through June 2019, more than 500 volunteers on 20 wikis, across 15 languages and multiple projects, came together with members of the Foundation to create a product direction for a set of discussion tools.  The Phase 2 Report of the Talk Page Consultation was published in August. It summarizes the product direction the team has started to work on, which you can read more about here: Talk Page Project project page.  The team needs and wants your help at this early stage.  They are starting to develop the first idea. Please add your name to the "Getting involved" section of the project page, if you would like to hear about opportunities to participate. The Editing team is trying to make it simpler to edit on mobile devices.  The team is changing the visual editor on mobile. If you have something to say about editing on a mobile device, please leave a message at Talk:VisualEditor on mobile. The Editing Team attended Wikimania 2019 in Sweden.  They led a session on the mobile visual editor and a session on the new talk pages project.  They tested two new features in the mobile visual editor with contributors.  You can read more about what the team did and learned in the team's report on Wikimania 2019. – PPelberg (WMF) (talk) & Whatamidoing (WMF) (talk)  17:12, 2019 ж. қазанның 29 (+06) 

