Мұрағат Басқалар ·Сұрақтар ·Жаңалықтар ·Ұсыныстар ·Ережелер ·Техникалық ·Қателер туралы хабарлау‎ ·Әкімшілер форумы ·/Лента  Latest tech news from the Wikimedia technical community. Please tell other users about these changes. Not all changes will affect you. Translations are available. Tech News Recent changes Changes later this week Future changes Tech news prepared by Tech News writers and posted by bot • Contribute • Translate • Get help • Give feedback • Subscribe or unsubscribe.  Клавиатураның сол жағындағы сандарды бассам қазақша әріптер шығады Орысшаға ауыстырсамда солай Ағылшыншаға ауыстырсамда қазақ әріптері жазылады--Kaiyr (талқылауы) 18:41, 2015 ж. наурыздың 11 (ALMT) Құрама Ноғайлының қасында тұруға тиіс. Бірақ астына түсіп кетті. Қалай көтеріледі?Үлгі:Жүздерден тыс--Kaiyr (талқылауы) 00:49, 2015 ж. наурыздың 12 (ALMT) Кезінде Уикипедияның әртүрлі тілдеріндегі мақалаларды бірінен-біріне аударуға мүмкіншілік жасау мәселесі көтерілген. mw:Content_translation (Мазмұн аудару) құралы жасалып, кейбір Уикипедияларда қолданыла бастады (өзбек, қырғыз). Бұл құралды Қазақша Уикипедияға да қосып алсақ. Бұл құралдың көмегімен басқа тілдегі Уикипедия мақалаларын алып қазақша аударып қоса беру мүмкіндігіне ие боламыз. Интерфейсін translatewiki.net-тен аударып қойдым.  Мында сұраныс беріп қойдым. Орнатып бастау үшін қауымның дауысы керек. --Аrysтanbek (талқылауы) 17:08, 2015 ж. наурыздың 19 (ALMT) 28 сәуірден бастап іске қосылды. Енді әркім баптауларынан қосып алып пайдалана беруіне болады. --Аrysтanbek (талқылауы) 23:30, 2015 ж. сәуірдің 28 (ALMT) VisualEditor-ды барлық қатысушылар үшін қалыпты өңдеу редакторы ретінде қосу керек деп есептеймін. Бұл көптеген уикилерде іске асып қойған. Сұраныс жіберейін десем қауымдастықтың талқылауы қажет екен. Қазір бета дегенен ғана қосып барып пайдалана алады. Егер барлық қатысушыларға автоматты қосылатын болса қосымша қосып жатудың қажеті жоқ. Сіздер қалай ойлайсыздар? Жаңа қатысушылар уикимәтінді өңдеп үйренгені дұрыс па әлде уики синтаксисін түсінбей ақ VE арқылы өңдей берсін бе? Әдепкі ретінде қосылғанын қолдасаңыз немесе қарсы болсаңыз дауыс беру бөліміне өз дауыстарыңызды берулеріңізді сұраймын. --Аrysтanbek (талқылауы) 23:10, 2015 ж. сәуірдің 24 (ALMT) Hi everybody. My name is Erica and I am a Community Liaison for VisualEditor. I'm writing because you requested that VisualEditor is enabled at this Wikipedia. I don't know if you have noticed the answers the team provided on Phabricator, therefore I'm here to make sure you do, and to ping User:Аrysтanbek :) I would recommend that you take a look at the page which we wrote as a guide for wikis where VisualEditor gets officially deployed. Please consider it as a checklist: all those steps are important if you want everybody to have a satisfying editing experience. We are particularly interested in knowing if it actually works well with your language, which is not fully supported yet, so we will need someone to please review the edits and tell us if anything weird happens.  I'm also attaching a table that you can update manually to track easily your progress with translations. Hope this helps! --Elitre (WMF) (талқылауы) 00:05, 2015 ж. мамырдың 8 (ALMT) Неге қазақша уикипедияда «» тырнақшаларының арасына [[мысал]] салсаң мынадай болып шығады: «мысал»? Неге соңғы тырнақша сілтемеге қосылып кетеді? --Esetok (талқылауы) 17:54, 2016 ж. қаңтардың 5 (ALMT) Талқылау беттеріндегі талқылауларды бір-бірінен ерекшелеп тұратын талқылау стилін алып тастауға қалай қарайсыздар. Көзге жақсы көрінгенмен минус жақтары да бар. Кезінде Bolatbek француз ба басқа уикиден көшіріп алған екен. --Аrysтanbek (талқылауы) 08:21, 2016 ж. қаңтардың 12 (ALMT) Дегенмен, біздіке әдемі көрінеді. --Қатысушы:Нұрлан Рахымжанов 16:40, 2016 ж. қаңтардың 15 (ALMT) Артықшылығы жоқ секілді--Мұхамеджан А.А. (талқылау) 20:10, 2016 ж. қаңтардың 16 (ALMT) Қазіргі тұрғаны жақсы. Кішкене ерекшелеп тұрады. -- Daniyar 08:41, 2016 ж. ақпанның 3 (ALMT) Мектептегі бір  IP адреспен Уикипедия клубында бірнеше оқушыны бір уақытта қалай   жұмыс істетуге болады? IT қызметкерлері сайтқа байланысты дейді. Не істеу керек? Өтінемін, жауап беріңіздерші--Almagul Ibragimova (талқылауы) 16:14, 2016 ж. қарашаның 14 (+06) Байланыс ұйымы береді. Солар шешеді.-Қатысушы талқылауы:Бегулы Отагасы 07:15, 2016 ж. қарашаның 15 (+06) Мұндағы талқылау аяқталған. Өтініш, бұл бетті өзгертпеңіз. Предлагаю открыть голосование по включению в Казахской Википедии механизма патрулирования статей. В связи с которым будут включены статусы патрулирующего, автопатрулируемого и откатывающего. Голосование длится 7 дней и при преодолении порога поддержки в 66%, голосование признаётся успешным. Для большего удобства, комментируйте на русском или английском языках (в фонде нет людей, знающих казахский). Илья Драконов (талқылауы) 13:26, 2016 ж. наурыздың 7 (ALMT). Қазақша Уикипедияда мақалаларды «бақылаушы» (уақытша термин) механизмін қосу жөнінде дауыс беру шарасы жүргізіліп жатыр. Қолдаушылар саны 66 %-ға жеткен жағдайда біздің уикиде (басқа тіл бөлімшелеріндегідей) әкімші мен бітікші дәрежесінен басқа қатысушыларға «бақылаушы» (уақытша атау), «автобақылаушы» және «шегіндіруші» дәрежелері тағайындалады. 7 күн ішінде (13 наурызға дейін) дауыс беру аяқталады. Дауыс беру нәтижесі бойынша қазақша Уикипедияға бұл әрекет керек пе керек емес пе - қорытынды жасалады.-- Fани (талқылауы) 19:42, 2016 ж. наурыздың 7 (ALMT)  7 дней (с 7 по 13 марта) прошли, можно подвести итог. 100% голосовавших поддержали идею включения в Казахской Википедии статусов патрулирующего, автопатрулируемого и откатывающего. Я подам запрос на Phabricator чтобы сис.админы включили эти флаги. Ответ должен прийти в течение недели, а тем временем, нужно перевести на казахский язык только вступление правила ВП:ПАТ. Остальное будет дополнено со временем, с учётом особенностей казахской вики. Флаг ПАТ автоматически получают все администраторы. Выдают ПАТ или АПАТ добросовестным опытным участникам, не нарушающим правила проекта, авторские права итп. С уважением, Илья Драконов (талқылауы) 14:40, 2016 ж. наурыздың 13 (ALMT). Create user group reviewer,  autoreviewer. --188.32.121.160 10:52, 2016 ж. сәуірдің 2 (ALMT) Hello! LanguageConverter (LC), used to switch from one language to an other, has a problem: links using LanguageConverter with a wrong syntax do not show up properly on Special:LinkSearch. If you want to use LC for an external link, a new syntax must be used: Old syntax (examples for Chinese languages):http://-{zh-cn:foo.com; zh-hk:bar.com; zh-tw:baz.com}- New syntax:-{zh-cn: http://foo.com ; zh-hk: http://bar.com ; zh-tw:http://baz.com }- The space before  }- is really important. If you use the old syntax, links will break. Please spread the word and update your local documentation! If you have any question, please ping me or Bawolff. Thanks, Trizek (WMF) (талқылауы) 23:27, 2016 ж. қыркүйектің 29 (+06) The Wikimedia Developer Summit is the annual meeting to push the evolution of MediaWiki and other technologies supporting the Wikimedia movement. The next edition will be held in San Francisco on January 9–11, 2017. We welcome all Wikimedia technical contributors, third party developers, and users of MediaWiki and the Wikimedia APIs. We specifically want to increase the participation of volunteer developers and other contributors dealing with extensions, apps, tools, bots, gadgets, and templates. Important deadlines: More information: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Wikimedia_Developer_Summit Subscribe to weekly updates: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Topic:Td5wfd70vptn8eu4 At the Wikimedia Developer Summit, we decided to organize a Developer Wishlist Survey, and here we go: https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Developer_Wishlist The Wikimedia technical community seeks input from developers fordevelopers, to create a high-profile list of desired improvements. The scope of the survey includes the MediaWiki platform (core software, APIs, developer environment, enablers for extensions, gadgets, templates, bots, dumps), the Wikimedia server infrastructure, the contribution process, and documentation. The best part: we want to have the results published by Wednesday, February 15. Yes, in a month, to have a higher chance to influence theWikimedia Foundation annual plan FY 2017-18. There's no time to lose. Propose your ideas before the end of January, either by pushing existing tasks in Phabricator or by creating new ones. You can find instructions on the wiki page. Questions and feedback are welcome especially on the related Talk page. Almost two weeks ago, the Technical Collaboration team invited proposals for the first edition of the Developer Wishlist survey! We collected around 77 proposals that were marked as suitable for the developer wishlist and met the defined scope and criteria. These proposals fall into the following nine categories: Frontend, Backend, Code Contribution (Process, Guidelines), Extensions, Technical Debt, Developer Environment, Documentation, Tools (Phabricator, Gerrit) and Community Engagement. Voting phase starts now and will run until February 14th, 23:59 UTC. Click here on a category and show support for the proposals you care for most. Use the 'Vote' and 'Endorse' buttons next to a proposal to do so. What happens next?Proposals that will gather most votes will be included in the final results which will be published on Wednesday, February 15th. These proposals will also be considered in the Wikimedia Foundation’s annual plan FY 2017-18 - SSethi_(WMF)  (talk) 04:41, 6 February 2017 (UTC) My Kazakh language is poor, please let me ask in English. I want to ask about, in Singer 2017, why this page is meets the rules of quick deletion? I also want to know about what I need to do so that this page will not be delete?特克斯特 (талқылауы) 22:33, 2017 ж. сәуірдің 12 (+06) Hello all, (Please help translate to your language) The Wikidata development team is about to deploy a new feature on all Wikipedias. It is a new type of notification (via Echo, the notification system you see at the top right of your wiki when you are logged in), that will inform the creator of a page, when this page is connected to a Wikidata item. You may know that Wikidata provides a centralized system for all the interwikilinks. When a new page is created, it should be connected to the corresponding Wikidata item, by modifying this Wikidata item. With this new notification, editors creating pages will be informed when another editor connects this page to Wikidata.  This feature will be deployed on May 30th on all the Wikipedias, excepting English, French and German. This feature will be disable by default for existing editors, and enabled by default for new editors. This is the first step of the deployments, the Wikipedias and other Wikimedia projects will follow in the next months. If you have any question, suggestion, please let me know by pinging me. You can also follow and leave a comment on the Phabricator ticket. Thanks go to Matěj Suchánek who developed this feature!  Рақмет! Lea Lacroix (WMDE) (talk) Һаумыһығыҙ, ҡаҙаҡ туғандар! Hello, and sorry to write this message in English. You can help translating it. Starting from today, you will be able to display Wikidata changes in both modes of the recent changes and the watchlist. Read and translate the full message Рақмет! Lea Lacroix (WMDE) 14:33, 2017 ж. маусымның 29 (+06)  Hello Sorry to use English. Please help translate to your language! Thank you. In short: starting on 26 September, New Filters for Edit Review (now in Beta) will become standard on Recent Changes. They provide an array of new tools and an improved interface. If you prefer the current page you will be able to opt out. Learn more about the New Filters. What is this feature again? This feature improves Special:RecentChanges and Special:RecentChangesLinked (and soon, Special:Watchlist – see below).  Based on a new design, it adds new features that ease vandalism tracking and support of newcomers: You can know more about this project by visiting the quick tour help page. Concerning RecentChanges Starting on 26 September, New Filters for Edit Review will become standard on Recent Changes. We have decided to do this release because of a long and successful Beta test phase, positive feedback from various users and positive user testing.  Some features will remain as Beta features and will be added later. Learn more about those different features. If your community has specific concerns about this deployment or internal discussion, it can request to have the deployment to their wikis delayed to October 1, if they have sensible, consistent with the project, actionable, realistic feedback to oppose (at the development team's appreciation).  You will also be able to opt-out this change in your preferences.  Concerning Watchlists Starting on September 19, the Beta feature will have a new option. Watchlists will have all filters available now on the Beta Recent Changes improvements. If you have already activated the Beta feature "⧼eri-rcfilters-beta-label⧽", you have no action to take. If you haven't activated the Beta feature "⧼eri-rcfilters-beta-label⧽" and you want to try the filters on Watchlists, please go to your Beta preferences on September 19.   How to be ready Please share this announcement! Do you use Gadgets that change things on your RecentChanges or Watchlist pages, or have you customized them with scripts or CSS? You may have to make some changes to your configuration. Despite the fact that we have tried to take most cases into consideration, some configurations may break. The Beta phase is a great opportunity to have a look at local scripts and gadgets: some of them may be replaced by native features from the Beta feature. Please ping me if you have questions.  On behalf of the Global Collaboration team, Trizek (WMF) 21:27, 2017 ж. қыркүйектің 14 (+06) Apologies for writing in English.Please help translate to your language. Greetings, Global preferences, a highly request feature in the 2016 Community Wishlist, is available for testing. Once the team has feedback on design issues, bugs, and other things that might need worked out, the problems will be addressed and global preferences will be sent to the wikis. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks! --Keegan (WMF) (talk) 06:24, 2018 ж. ақпанның 27 (+06) Greetings, The ability to notify other users in edit summaries will be available later this week, on 15 March 2018. Other users can be notified if a link to their user page is provided in an edit summary. Some user-made gadgets and scripts that automatically put user names in edit summaries may need to be changed to put a colon in the link, such as [[:User:Example]]. You can change how you receive these mention notifications in your preferences. This feature was highly requested in the 2017 Community Wishlist survey, and feedback is welcome. Thanks, happy editing to you. -Keegan (WMF) (talk) 03:09, 2018 ж. наурыздың 13 (+06) Hello, (I’m sorry for writing in English. Please help translate to your language) If you’re regularly using Lua modules, creating and improving some of them, we need your feedback! The Wikidata development team would like to provide more Lua functions, in order to improve the experience of people who write Lua scripts to reuse Wikidata's data on the Wikimedia projects. Our goals are to help harmonizing the existing modules across the Wikimedia projects, to make coding in Lua easier for the communities, and to improve the performance of the modules. We would like to know more about your habits, your needs, and what could help you. We have a few questions for you on this page. Note that if you don’t feel comfortable with writing in English, you can answer in your preferred language. Рақмет! Lea Lacroix (WMDE) 14:56, 2018 ж. наурыздың 27 (+06) Time to bring embedded maps (‘mapframe’) to most Wikipedias Please help translate to your language Mapframe is a feature that enables users to easily display interactive maps right on wiki pages. Currently, most Wikipedias don’t have mapframe. But fifteen Wikipedias, along with all the other Wikimedia projects, are using mapframe today to display maps on thousands of pages. A little background: over the last few months, the Foundation’s Collaboration team has been working to improve the stability and user experience of the maps service. In addition, a question about long-term support for the maps service was recently settled, and a small team has been assigned for routine maintenance. Given these developments, bringing the benefits of mapframe to Wikipedias that lack the feature seems both safe and supportable. Nine Wikipedias that use a stricter version of Flagged Revisions will not get mapframe in this release. Maps are a valuable form of visual data that can improve readers’ understanding across a wide range of topics. If you know of any reasons why mapframe shouldn’t be implemented on your Wikipedia, let us know on the project talk page. Unless we hear from you, we plan to release mapframe to most Wikipedias in May, 2018. So, if you foresee an issue, please let us hear from you. Otherwise, happy mapping! CKoerner (WMF) (talk) 03:38, 2018 ж. сәуірдің 25 (+06) Wikitext syntax highlighting, also known as CodeMirror, has been moved out of Beta Features and is available in the 2017 Wikitext Editor on all wikis. Syntax highlighting helps you see problems in your wikitext before previewing or publishing text. Please try out the tool if you did not do so while it was being developed, and feedback is welcome. - Keegan (WMF) (talk) 00:55, 2018 ж. мамырдың 5 (+06) Hello Sorry to use English. Please help translate to your language! Thank you. In short: starting on June 18, New Filters for Edit Review (now in Beta) will become standard on Watchlists. They provide an array of new tools and an improved interface. If you prefer the current page you will be able to opt out. Learn more about the New Filters. What is this feature again? This feature is used by default on Special:RecentChanges, Special:RecentChangesLinked and as a Beta feature on Special:Watchlist.  Based on a new design, that feature adds new functions to those pages, to ease vandalism tracking and support of newcomers: You can know more about this project by visiting the quick tour help page. About the release on Watchlists Over 70,000 people have activated the New Filters beta, which has been in testing on Watchlist for more than eight months. We feel confident that the features are stable and effective, but if you have thoughts about these tools or the beta graduation, please let us know on the project talk page. In particular, tell us if you know of a special incompatibility or other issue that makes the New Filters problematic on your wiki. We’ll examine the blocker and may delay release on your wiki until the issue can be addressed. The deployment will start on June 18 or on June 25, depending on the wiki (check the list). After the deployment, you will also be able to opt-out this change directly from the Watchlist page and also in your preferences.  How to be ready? Please share this announcement! If you use local Gadgets that change things on your Watchlist pages, or have a customized scripts or CSS, be ready. You may have to make some changes to your configuration. Despite the fact that we have tried to take most cases into consideration, some configurations may break. The Beta phase is a great opportunity to have a look at local scripts and gadgets: some of them may be replaced by native features from the Beta feature. Please share your questions and comments on the feedback page. On behalf of the Collaboration team, Trizek (WMF) 19:14, 2018 ж. маусымның 7 (+06) Update on page issues on mobile web Please help translate to your languageHi everyone. The Readers web team has recently begun working on exposing issue templates on the mobile website. Currently, details about issues with page content are generally hidden on the mobile website. This leaves readers unaware of the reliability of the pages they are reading. The goal of this project is to improve awareness of particular issues within an article on the mobile web. We will do this by changing the visual styling of page issues. So far, we have drafted a proposal on the design and implementation of the project.  We were also able to run user testing on the proposed designs.  The tests so far have positive results. Here is a quick summary of what we learned: Our next step would be to start implementing these changes. We wanted to reach out to you for any concerns, thoughts, and suggestions you might have before beginning development. Please visit the project page where we have more information and mockups of how this may look. Please leave feedback on the talk page.  CKoerner (WMF) (talk) 02:58, 2018 ж. маусымның 13 (+06) (Please help translate to your language) Hi all, I'm preparing a change in who can edit sitewide CSS/JS pages. (These are pages like MediaWiki:Common.css and MediaWiki:Vector.js which are executed in the browser of all readers and editors.) Currently all administrators are able to edit these pages, which poses a serious and unnecessary security risk. Soon, a dedicated, smaller user group will take over this task. Your community will be able to decide who belongs in this group, so this should mean very little change for you. You can find out more and provide feedback at the consultation page on Meta. If you are involved in maintaining CSS/JS code, or policymaking around adminship requests, please give it a look! Thanks!Tgr (talk) 16:50, 2018 ж. шілденің 9 (+06)  Hello. The team working on TemplateStyles at the Wikimedia Foundation would like to enable TemplateStyles on this wiki. TemplateStyles is a feature to allow non-administrators to write and manage CSS styles for templates. It allows contributors who edit templates to separate content and presentation. A good web practice that makes it easier to manage the layout of templates. If you don't edit templates, this will not have any impact on your contributions.  TemplateStyles is useful for a few reasons.  You can learn more about TemplateStyles on MediaWiki.org. Technical documentation is also available. This is an optional feature and no one must use it, but template contributors are encouraged to do so! Please discuss and let us know if there are any concerns. If there are no concerns we will proceed to deploy the feature on the 9th of August. Thank you. CKoerner (WMF) (talk) 03:28, 2018 ж. тамыздың 7 (+06) I recently organized a project to share templates and modules between wikis. It allows modules and templates to be “language-neutral”, and store all text translations on Commons. This means that it is enough to copy/paste a template without any changes, and update the translations separately. If someone fixes a bug or adds a new feature in the original module, you can copy/paste it again without any translation work. My bot DiBabelYurikBot can help with copying. This way users can spend more time on content, and less time on updating and copying templates. Please see project page for details and ask questions on talk page. Sorry for writing this message in English - feel free to help us translating it :) Hello all, Many language versions of Wikipedia use the content of Wikidata, the centralized knowledge base, to fill out the content of infoboxes. The data is stored in Wikidata and displayed, partially or completely, in the Wikipedia’s language, on the articles.This feature is used by many template editors, but brought several issues that were raised by communities in various places: not being able to edit the data directly from Wikipedia was one of them. This is the reason why the Wikidata Bridge project started, with the goal of offering a way to Wikipedia editors to edit Wikidata’s data more easily. This will be achieved by an interface, connected to the infobox, that users can access directly from their local wiki.  The project is now at an early stage of development. A lot of user research has been done, and will continue to be done through the different phases of the project. The next steps of development will be achieved by the development team working at Wikimedia Deutschland, starting now until the end of 2019. In order to make sure that we’re building a tool that is answering editors’ needs, we’re using agile methods in our development process. We don’t start with a fixed idea of the tool we want to deliver: we will build it together with the editors, based on feedback loops that we will regularly organize. The first version will not necessarily have all of the features you want, but it will keep evolving. Here’s the planned timeline: In any case, no deployment or big change will be enforced on the projects without talking to the communities first, and helping the template builders to prepare for the changes they will have to do on the infoboxes’ code. If you want to get involved, there are several ways to help: More ideas will be added on this page along the way If you have any questions for the development team, feel free to ask them on the main talk page. You can also ask under this message, but if you expect an answer from me, please make sure to ping me. Thanks for your attention, Lea Lacroix (WMDE) 19:03, 2019 ж. маусымның 24 (+06) Hi everybody! Google Code-in (GCI) will soon take place again - a seven week long contest for 13-17 year old students to contribute to free software projects. Tasks should take an experienced contributor about two or three hours and can be of the categories Code, Documentation/Training, Outreach/Research, Quality Assurance, and User Interface/Design. Do you have any Lua, template, gadget/script or similar task that would benefit your wiki? Or maybe some of your tools need better documentation? If so, and you can imagine enjoying mentoring such a task to help a new contributor, please check out mw:Google Code-in/2019 and become a mentor. If you have any questions, feel free to ask at our talk page. Many thanks in advance! --Martin Urbanec 13:28, 2019 ж. қарашаның 5 (+06) 
